hey guys just fear of Street shoes
bowling I've got Ben Alexander owner and
operator of Alexander's Pro Shop here in
San Antonio Texas and today we're going
to throw hammers Black Widow assassin so
Ben give us some new information on
hammers reinvention of the Black Widow
here
the Black Widow assassin has a 2.50 RG
and an O 60 diff with an air media dip
of 14 it has the MBT solid cover stock
even though it comes a thousand polish
and this false going to have a massive
back into it alrighty so I'm going to be
the bowler today we're going to get it
out on the lanes so we can do with it
come back in and get a reaction
appreciate it guys yall stay tuned
you
one all right guys you always watch me
throw hammers black widow assassin so
been give us a little information about
the drill pattern we put on this balls
well we put a 40 by 4 and 3/4 by 25 on
it which is your standard layout we have
a higher hole right here to help reduce
the flare a little bit because of your
high Rev rate if it if it flares a
little bit too much for you it's just
going to store too much energy
way too hard on the backend all right
for me this ball gave me great mid lane
read and a ton of punch in the backend
this ball set and turned in the backend
which for being a solid polished is very
unusual
it was great to throw the ball very easy
to control it was not to speed sensitive
but at the same time if I miss a little
bit left or right it still had the
ability to recover or slide as needed to
get into that pocket punch that pins and
clear the deck you got any other fish
first bit
this ball is springing back the
legendary gas mask for um hammers been
really proud of that core great ball
come by and get yours today start
throwing those strikes and assassinating
those things alrighty guys once again
I'm Joseph with Street shoes bowling
that's been from Alexander's Pro Shop
here in San Antonio Texas y'all stay
tuned for more videos thanks a lot we
appreciate it
what hey guys just Mira Street shoes
bowling I've got Ben Alexander on an
operator and remember what I was gonna
say hi it's new I'm trying to force
something new
move ball moves a lot
it makes you a recording I forgot I
can't push the button
of course